- [Instructor] Knowing that H Plus
sports drink is pushing forward with deploying
the Tomcat app to WebLogic,
we know that there are difficulties
that we'll be facing ahead.
In preparation for this, we have a stripped-down version
of our H Plus Java EE web app
for validating which Java EE dependencies will have to go.
This app contains less features
than the one we used in our earlier video for Tomcat.
For this video, please have your practice
files available for 0204_begin.
The practice files in this lesson
are a version of the ones used to run on Tomcat.
This lesson will focus on how to modify
a Tomcat web app to run on WebLogic
and how the deployment process in WebLogic 12C works.
Keep in mind, most production web applications
are much more complex than our practice files,
so when doing this in production,
be prepared to have to modify much more
dependencies and other files.
Since our scenario is that H Plus sports drink
is wanting to migrate to WebLogic 12C
to take advantage of the whizzbang features,
it's helpful to know that the change you have to make
to the web app in order for it to be deployed.
So let's go ahead and compile our application.
And then we're going to switch to our browser,
go to the main screen of the WebLogic console,
and we're going to click on Deployments.
Now, in order to make changes here,
we first have to click the Lock and Edit button.
The Lock and Edit button is always here
in production mode, but not in develop mode.
WebLogic states that this is a safety feature
to ensure that no one else can makes changes
in a production system while you're making changes.
Now, go ahead and click on the Install button.
We're going to navigate to the 024 begin,
our build, libs, and the WAR file.
Click Next, click Next again, Next, and then Finish.
On the next page, we'll see a button
that says to activate our changes,
we'll click on that, and we have several tabs here.
We're going to kind of go through these quickly.
Keep in mind there is great documentation
available on each of these rows,
we have a Configuration tab, this is used
for fine-tuning the application,
for performance improvements and so forth.
We have a Security tab, where you can
actually apply different security features
to your application if it doesn't have any,
and then there's a Testing and Monitoring tab and so forth.
Now, at this point, what we want to do
is click on the Control,
we're going to click the checkbox
and then start servicing our request.
Keep in mind, this application will fail.
And look at that.
So we have this huge error message.
Remember, we tried to deploy an app
with extra dependencies designed for Tomcat.
And, on WebLogic, this message is indicating
that it essentially does not know
which dependency to use, the ones included in the WAR file
or those included in WebLogic,
so now we need to remove them.
Let's switch back to IntelliJ,
and I've already set the files up that we need to look at.
We're first going to comment out in our build gradle.
We'll comment out the servlet here
and the weld servlet, we don't need those, click Save.
We'll go to our web XML, and we have
a listener here for weld, and we need to comment this out.
And we also have, in our context, we have a Bean Manager.
We don't need that.
We're going to comment this out.
Go back to our terminal,
we're going to run our Build command again,
navigate back to our WebLogic instance,
click on Deployments again,
come over here, click Lock and Edit.
While we're here, click the checkbox.
Delete, yes.
We're basically going to run through
the same process we did a moment ago.
We'll activate our changes,
click on the deployments, Lock and Edit,
click Install, come to Build, libs, select the checkbox.
Again, remember, make sure you're doing 0204 begin,
click Next, Next, Next, and Finish.
Click activate our changes.
Go to the Control tab, we'll select the checkbox for app,
we'll start servicing all request, click Yes,
and we get a nice message that our app has been started.
Look, see, the state here is Active.
We'll go to our Testing tab, right-click
on the link here for our app,
we'll open it up, and our application is deployed.